Return ENAMETOOLONG when renaming to a too-deep ADLS path (#2251)
Azure/azure-storage-fuse: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug Fixes**
- Fix CPK-encrypted blob attribute lookup duplicating the prefix path when subdirectory is configured ([PR #2199](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/pull/2199))
- Return `ENAMETOOLONG` instead of `EIO` when creating a directory path that exceeds the ADLS depth limit of 63 segments ([PR #2221](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/pull/2221))

> - Return `ENAMETOOLONG` instead of `EIO` when renaming a file or directory to an ADLS path that exceeds the depth limit of 63 segments ([Issue #2241](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/issues/2241))

Reviewer: Update the changelog entry to point it to PR instead of issue as per our convention. Also, if the rename file case is removed as per previous comment, the changelog can be updated as below.
```suggestion
- Return `ENAMETOOLONG` instead of `EIO` when renaming a directory to an ADLS path that exceeds the depth limit of 63 segments ([PR #2251](https://github.com/Azure/azure-storage-fuse/pull/2251))
```

Author: Applied!
